Fix inconsistency in docs (#1420)
Napari/napari: docs/source/plugins/hook_specifications.rst

The following hook specifications will be called when a user saves a single
layer in napari, and should save the layer to the requested format and return

> save path if data are successfully written. Otherwise, if nothing was done, return None.

Reviewer: should None be ``None``?

> save path if data are successfully written. Otherwise, if nothing was done, return None.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the save path if the data are successfully written. Otherwise, if nothing was saved, return ``None``.
```
